docs: Update the extensibility docs (#3582)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/101-preset-functions.md

# JSONata Preset Functions for Resource-Based Extensions

> ## canI(resourceGroupAndVersion, resourceKind)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## canI (resourceGroupAndVersion, resourceKind)
```
Is it on purpose that there is no blank line between the function name and the brackets? The suggestion applies to the below headers as well.

> You can use the **canI** function to determine if a user has access rights for listing a specified resource. The function comes with the following parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the **canI** function to determine if a user has access rights to list a specified resource. The function comes with the following parameters:
```
